Function:
1. Scanning either QR or custom code - Partially Done (only custom grid scanning works; QR not integrated yet)
2. Can read the code - Done (grid-to-ID parsing works correctly)
3. Add savefile like JSON with the database - Done (JSON save file exists and works on PC & mobile)
4. Read and write saves file - Done (can save, remove, and read correctly)
5. Assign data from the JSON correctly with ID of either QR or custom code - Done (ID mapping works)
6. Adding scan UI (info and scan button) - Done (UI exists but styling is basic)
7. Adding info UI (save, remove, and "x" button) - Done (functionality works; buttons work)
8. AR object in real world with the data - DONE
9. (Optional) Maybe make the scanning automatically with 5s delay - DONE (have setting for interval)
10. The scanarea(gameobject) make it follow the marker but it still ui not in world space. - DONE
11. Expiry input have 3 form, and it jump beetween form after each input. When saving automatically added "-". - DONE


UI/UX:
1. Font change to like Android Studio / JetBrains Mono - Done (default now using jetbrains mono font)
2. Home menu which contains scan option QR or custom code - Not Done (no home menu implemented)
3. AR panel looks ugly, maybe dark theme with blurred background like Win11 taskbar - DONE 
4. Info UI form looks ugly, maybe dark theme with simple layout & slick design - DONE 
5. Maybe simple transition between menu and UI - Not Done (no transition yet)
6. Button looks ugly and barebone, maybe smooth corners and SVG icons instead of text - DONE
7. Adding status bar on top middle, show the status of the app either the id or the code. 
8. Expiry input ui form will called numpad instead of keyboard on mobile. - DONE
9. Name/Tag text will not overflow but instead put (...) example "Bakso bak..." - DONE
10. Ui is being updated to look good instead of placeholder. - DONE

Bugs:
1. Currently AR panel only updates after pressing scan button and not automatically after save or "x" in info UI - DONE (Scana every 1s)
2. Save file json only being saved and work after restart on pc but on mobile not saved after exiting the app. - DONE


Debug :
1. Added hidden button on the left top corner of the editform, click it 3 times to toggle the scanarea show/hide.
